Our history!

WWCP was founded in the early summer of 2018 our goal has been the same from the very start.
Our one and only goal is to create the biggest content pack for Trains in Motion with the widest variety of rolling stock and countries
aveliable. 
Soon after the founding on the pack we settled on our typical modelling style, a mix between Modern TC and classic TC style with a very slight lean towards
modern more then to classic TC.

During the past months WWCP has hit some milestones and has been undergoing a constant evolution, certaintly for the better. 
Our team grew and more people came along to join in on the fun.

Our first real milestone after the launch of the discord and art style is no doubt the release of the press pre-alpha release on march the 10th.
After that months went by with only content being steadily made. 

On October the 16th we launched our patreon page for the public. We hoped this would be the way for people to support our artists and contributors.
After only a month and a half we had raked in enough monthly donations to come to the very milestone you are visiting today.

Yes indeed, our 3rd milestone is the launch of the website, on December the 2nd we bought our domain name wwcp.eu and yours truly worked around the clock
to make sure to deliver this marvel of a website right to your doorstep. Without the help of our translators we wouldnt have been able to support over 4 languages right at the
start of our website.

Now all of that brought us up to speed with the present and with delight we can look forward to what the future might bring us!




While our history in milestones is quite a bit longer, we do take pride in the history of our logo's too.
Our early drafts of the logo is almost unregonizable with what we ended up with. The first logo featured a normal image straight out of the game
as the center piece with a purple background and blueish text. After a while one of our contributors made us a new one using a very simple text based
sleek design. The letters WWCP in Audiowide font on a purple to blue gradient background. Within seconds we were convinced this was the way to go and 
adapted it to all our communications. You will notice however that our trains in game dont really bare the full logo of WWCP. For our ingame stock we opted for a 
more signature design of the letters WWCP pixelized with a mainly purple background and blue lined details. If the place permitted us we took a pixelized globe too for a slight
variation and overall nicer design. For the 2019 holiday season we took our well trusted logo and how I like to call "Christmasfied" it. Now text can only say so much
so look down a bit for the visual history!

